Rocket ending
Rocket
To achive it you have to craft Rocket and Rocket fuel. Then click on the rocket and win!
Light signal
Light signal
Finish the game using Flashlight or Petrol. Listen to the Radio everyday and if there is “Please give lightsignal” message then open the trapdoor and go sleep. You have to give it few times. After complitting this task, the radio will inform you when to go to the airport!
Monks ending
Monks
To achive it complete all Monks tasks.
Hostages ending
Hostages
To achive it take control over all Shelters. Then send information to military (using computer in one of the Shelters).
Lighthouse ending
Lighthouse
Repair the lighthouse which you can find in the Airport. You have to craft 2x Fuses and Wires.
Bus stop ending
Bus stop
To achive it just check on Bus stop when the bus will arrive. And go there this date.
Car ending
Car
To achive it collect all needed Car parts and go to the Yard.
Hotel ending
Hotel
To achive this you have to find extra Map part with Hotel. Give Hotel owner all needed carrots and other Maps parts.
Gommi village ending
Gommi village
To achieve it just go to the Gommi village and give Gommies all needed items!
Hobo's ending
Hobo's
To achive it kill The Hobo and go to the Graveyard to the monument. Bring to the Hobos soul all needed items.
Alien's ending
Alien's
Find the Aliens on the Mountain and bring them all needed items.
Boss fight ending
Boss fight
Go to the Tomb and take down all Boss guards. Then kill the boss.
Raft ending
Raft
Go to the Beach and craft all rafts parts. Then collect needed amount of Food and click on the raft!
Zombie ending
Zombie
Make all family members zombie. You will need Hearts and Zombie.
Fireplace ending
Fireplace
Find Maps part with Fireplace, collect all needed Wood and make a big fire!
Nuke ending
Nuke
Find Mapss part with Nuke basemant. Open it with Blue key and using Wires, Fuses and Uranium launch the nuke!
GPS ending
GPS
Use Bens Phone to give your GPS location signal. Do it few times to be rescue.
5 nights at Friebbie
5 nights at Frieb
After the 5 days of appocalypse when Martha hides she can meet Frebbie. Accept his tasks and do everything what he wants to finish the game.
Police ending
Police
Negotiate with police in the way that they will rescue you.
Military secret bunker
Military secret b
Dig in the shelters mine (a little bit over 130 layers/level) until you find the bunker wall. Explode the wall using potion “Innocent Bomb”.
Call the Spy
Call the Spy
Find a phone number on map and use Phone to call. Finish all tasks.